README.md, before:

# TTrack

OpenCode plugin for tracking AI token usage across projects.

## Plugin

The TTrack plugin automatically monitors token consumption from AI assistant interactions in OpenCode. It captures input, output, reasoning, and cache tokens for each message and sends them to the tracking API.

## Monorepo

This monorepo contains the plugin, tracking client library, web dashboard, and shared UI components.

```
TTrack/
├── .opencode/
│   └── plugin/          # OpenCode token tracking plugin
├── packages/
│   ├── tracker/         # Token tracking client library
│   ├── ui/              # Shared UI component library
│   └── typescript-config/  # Shared TypeScript configurations
└── apps/
    └── web/             # Next.js dashboard for metrics visualization
```

## Components

- **Plugin**: OpenCode integration that captures token usage from assistant messages
- **Tracker**: Client library for sending token data to the tracking API
- **Web Dashboard**: Metrics visualization and analytics interface
- **UI Package**: Shared React components built with shadcn/ui patterns

Commit message:

chore: update all packages to latest versions
- Update root dependencies (biome, bun, lefthook, prettier, turbo, typescript, ultracite)
- Update opencode-plugin dependencies (@opencode-ai/plugin, @types/node, tsup, typescript)
- Update web app dependencies (@types/node, swr)
- Update tracker dependencies (@types/node, typescript)
- Update UI package dependencies (tailwindcss, react, @types/react, etc.)

README.md, after:

# TTrack

**TTrack** stands for **Token Tracker** - a system for monitoring and analyzing AI token usage across your projects.

## What is TTrack?

TTrack helps you understand how much you are spending on AI by tracking token consumption from AI assistant interactions. It captures input, output, reasoning, and cache tokens for each message, then visualizes this data in an easy-to-read dashboard.

## Project Structure

Think of TTrack as having four main parts that work together:

1. **Plugin** - The collector that runs inside OpenCode and captures token data from each AI conversation
2. **Tracker Library** - A small package that handles sending the captured data to the tracking server
3. **Web Dashboard** - A web interface where you can view charts and metrics about your token usage over time
4. **UI Components** - Shared building blocks used across the project for a consistent look and feel

Here is how the code is organized:

```
TTrack/
├── .opencode/
│   └── plugin/          # The OpenCode plugin that captures tokens
├── packages/
│   ├── tracker/         # Library for sending token data
│   ├── ui/              # Shared user interface components
│   └── typescript-config/  # Shared configuration files
└── apps/
    └── web/             # The web dashboard you view in your browser
```

## How It Works

1. The plugin watches for AI responses in OpenCode
2. When a response comes in, it extracts token counts (input, output, reasoning, cache)
3. The tracker library sends this data to the tracking server
4. The web dashboard reads this data and displays it as charts and statistics
5. You can see trends, compare time periods, and understand your usage patterns
